Start off by downloading the starter project and unzipping it.

Next, move this project to the React-Course folder and rename this project to be react-handson-one.

Open up your terminal/command prompt.

Run:

cd desktop
Run:

cd React-Course
Run :

cd react-handson-one
Now you are in the react-handson-one directory, run the following:

$ npm install
Once npm has finished installing, you can test that the server is working with the following command:

$ npm start
You should now see your browser open up a blank page with an alert box saying "It's alive!".

You can stop this process by pressing Control + C in the terminal, but for now, keep the server running.
Add the necessary import statements at the top of the src/index.js file and remove the alert that currently lives in that file:

import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
Add your code for this project within the src/index.js file.

Caution!
Be sure to submit your entire directory when finished!

Requirements
Write the React code needed to render the equivalent to the below HTML favorite things list. Make sure to fulfill the below requirements:

You must keep the sections the same (i.e. Favorite Colors, Favorite Websites etc), but feel free to fill it in your personal favorite things.
The list of your Favorite Websites should navigate the user to those specific websites, as you can below.
You should have three different websites listed under "Favorite Websites".
Add a class name to each of the sub topics (i.e. Favorite Colors, Favorite Websites etc). The class names should relate to their respective favorite thing topic.
For example, the Favorite Colors section should have a class name of something similar to "favoriteColors".
Use Variables in some way
When you are done, it should look similar, but not exactly the same to the below. Notice the use of unordered and ordered lists:
My Favorite Things
Favorite Colors
Green
Blue
Red
Favorite Music
Regina Spektor
Antonín Dvořák
Radiohead
Favorite Food
Pizza
Ceasar Salad
Gnocchi
Favorite Websites
www.google.com
www.facebook.com
www.instagram.com
